I started in the Navy in 2000 and 1 March of 2001. It's funny. I remember
that day as well. I joined the Navy because I wanted to do something
different. I was back then. I was a wife and a mother. Um and I
wanted to do something different. I did. I was a hairstylist asses
well, and I was a personal trainer, and one day my cousin came over
and said she was going to sign up, and, um, she took me with her. Unfortunately,
she was going to the Air Force. She wanted me to go with
her, but the Air Force wouldn't take me. But they gave me the information
about the Navy, and that's when I started. Signed on that dotted
line took the as Bob raised my right hand, and here I am, 19 years
later,